Before we move on, let us just copy this function here.
I do not need that function there anymore.
And this is a method reference,
so I'm going to convert it to a method reference just to improve my code.
Now, suppose that things are not that nice.
And in my data.csv.
I have in fact a line that is not correct.
I'm going to just add this kind of thing, a bug in a file.
This kind of thing may happen.
Your data.csv file may be some kind of export and you may have stuff
in it that is just garbage to your application.
If I run this code here I'd probably have a big trouble.
You can see that, yes, something very wrong happened.
I do not have the separation character in it so all the process of
converting my line to a proper person has failed.
How can we handle that property?
Well, this lineToPerson code threw an exception that broke all my process.
What I can do is just add a try here.
And since I don't really know which exception I'm going to catch,
I'm going to catch them all.
And then here I need to understand what kind of thing I need to return.
I could be tempted to return null and try to deal
with null in my stream pattern, but I can do much better than that.
Instead of saying I'm going to return null,
I'm going to say that this method returns the Stream(Person).
And here, instead of returning p I'm going to return Stream.of(p).
And if I catch an exception, meaning that I do not have anything to return,
I am going to return an empty stream.
So, in that way, my process will carry on.
If I find a line that is buggy I do not have anything to worry about.
I will just return nothing.
In fact, this method is able to return nothing in the form of an empty stream.
Now, how can I call this method from here?
This map called here is not the right one.
What I need to call is this flatMap operation.
The flatMap operation will open all the streams that contain
either one instance of person either nothing.
So, if it contains one person, that person will be added to the stream.
If the stream is empty, well nothing will be added to the stream.
And if I run my code I can see that my file has been read properly.
No more error, no more buggy stuff despite the fact that I have a buggy line in my file.